fix(curriculum): update object keys referenced in instructions to match provided object (#42613)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/functional-programming/use-the-map-method-to-extract-data-from-an-array.md

# --instructions--

> The `watchList` array holds objects with information on several movies. Use `map` on `watchList` to assign a new array of objects with only `Title` and `imdbRating` keys to the `ratings` variable. The code in the editor currently uses a `for` loop to do this, so you should replace the loop functionality with your `map` expression.

Author: ```suggestion
The `watchList` array holds objects with information on several movies. Use `map` on `watchList` to assign a new array of objects to the `ratings` variable. Each movie in the new array should have a `title` key with the name of the film and a `rating` key with the IMDB rating. The code in the editor currently uses a `for` loop to do this, so you should replace the loop functionality with your `map` expression.
```

Reviewer: I think this works well 👍

> The `watchList` array holds objects with information on several movies. Use `map` on `watchList` to assign a new array of objects to the `ratings` variable. Each movie in the new array should have a `title` key with the name of the film and a `rating` key with the IMDB rating. The code in the editor currently uses a `for` loop to do this, so you should replace the loop functionality with your `map` expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `watchList` array holds objects with information on several movies. Use `map` on `watchList` to assign a new array of objects to the `ratings` variable. Each movie in the new array should have only a `title` key with the name of the film, and a `rating` key with the IMDB rating. The code in the editor currently uses a `for` loop to do this, so you should replace the loop functionality with your `map` expression.
```
